.
Daly: Last night,
"the voice" returned
for an epic 10th season.
Blake: The greatest thing
about the blind auditions
Is when your back
is to that artist,
It's just like when
somebody comes on the radio
That i've never heard before,
And instantly, i decide,
do i like that voice?
Yes!
¶ ooh, baby ¶
Daly:
With incredible vocals...
¶ she will be loved ¶
What in the hell?
Get over here and sit down.
...And surprising decisions.
-Blake.
-What?
Wait, wait, wait.
I have to say something.
I pick christina.
[ laughs ]
The greatest moment
of the show's history.
Audience:
You're the best, christina!
Whoo!
Daly: Night 1 set the stage
for our greatest season yet.
Out of bounds.
Don't allow yourself
to be marooned.
-Oh!
-Yeah!
Daly: Adam picked up
two powerful musicians.
Pharrell landed
three unique artists...
I pick christina.
Daly: ...Christina scored
two diverse vocalists...
And blake added
two one-of-a-kind singers.
You're disqualified.
When i'm here,
you don't run the show, blake.
She's right about that,
actually.
But i love you!
¶ what is love ¶
Daly: Tonight...
Your voice is so enormous.
¶ you're as warm ¶
-I'm feeling this.
-Yeah!
Daly:
...The fight to get the artists
they want is just heating up...
You'll be great
on any team,
But i think
you'll be the best on  mine.
-What?!
-[ coughing ] big mistake.
Daly: ...And the lengths
the coaches go to...
-You are wild.
-That was crazy.
Daly:
...Will blow...
Should we just
make out now?
-[ chuckles ]
-...Your...
-Wake up.
-...Mind.
I love you!
This is a dream, so i just
get to do whatever i want.
There's more of that
to come.
It's like "the twilight zone."
i don't know what's going on.
Daly:
Season 10 continues right now.
10 seasons, buddy.
I got you a present.
I wanted
to get you something
That you could
really appreciate.
You got  me a present
that you thought of that much?
Happy 10 seasons, buddy.
[ sighs ]
You got me beer?
What'd you get for me?
I got you something that i know
will mean the world to you.
I'm so flattered.
I got you a mirror.
Who loves you?
Oh, my god.
He is handsome.
Happy 10 seasons,
my friend.
[ chuckles ]
-Cheers beers.
-Cheers, buddy.
Daly:
While adam and blake finish
their well-deserved dinner...
[ people screaming ]
Let's meet
the night's first artist --
27-year-old joe vivona
from verona, new jersey.
This is my family business.
It's amusements of america.
And it's the world's largest
traveling amusement park.
[ people screaming ]
My great-grandfather started it
with my grandfather in 1939.
Just a custard stand
and a ferris wheel,
And they built it into
The largest traveling carnival
in the world.
My grandfather is the chairman
of the board around here.
My dad has taken over the
business over the last 20 years.
The lord blessed me.
I'm 95 years old.
Joe is very important.
He counts all the money
in the office.
I love the show.
I hope there's a future for him.
He's still young.
Pretty good-looking boy.
[ laughs ]
You think i can get
a couple weeks off work?
I'll give you
a couple of  months off.
[ both laugh ]
Okay.
Joe: I went to school
in new york city
For audio engineering.
That's where i started
recording myself singing,
And i got more and more
into the idea
Of being a full-time vocalist.
Sometimes
i'll perform at a fair,
Just on the stage in front of
whoever's really walking by.
Without having a ton
of experience doing this,
I still get anxious
and nervous onstage,
And i feel like
if i make a team,
Any of the coaches
would definitely be able
To help me conquer those nerves.
To have someone that's
so high up in the business
Recognize that i'm good,
I think would make
my entire family very proud
And that would make  me
very proud.
What's important is that
whatever he does with his life
It makes him happy.
And if music
is where he wants to go,
I couldn't be more proud of him.
Joe: The song i'm singing
for my blind audition
Is "dreaming with
a broken heart" by john mayer.
I like to sing in sort of
a soulful rock type of vibe,
And it can kind of show off
a lot of my different range.
Adam levine wrote
"songs about jane,"
One of the best albums
of all time,
And pharrell
is a creative genius.
I would be so lucky
to work with any of them,
But i'm a little nervous
to go onstage and sing
In front of these huge stars
and millions of people.
But i'm gonna do it anyway.
You got a good feeling
about this first 'un?
[ laughs ]
By the end of the day,
i'm gonna be talking like you.
Here he is. Come on, kid.
Come on, joey. Come on, buddy.
¶
¶ when you're dreaming
with a broken heart ¶
[ cheers and applause ]
¶ it's the waking up
that's the hardest part ¶
-There we go! Nice!
-Yeah!
-Yes!
¶ you roll outta bed
and down onto your knees ¶
¶ and for a moment,
you can hardly breathe ¶
¶ wondering
could you stay my love? ¶
¶ would you wake up
by my side? ¶
¶ no, you won't ¶
¶ because you're gone,
gone, gone, gone, gone ¶
¶ do i have to fall asleep
with roses in my hands? ¶
¶ now, do i have to fall asleep
with roses in my ¶
¶ roses in my hands? ¶
¶ would you get them if i did? ¶
¶ no, you won't ¶
¶ 'cause you're gone, gone,
gone, gone, gone ¶
[ cheers and applause ]
Yes! Yes! Yes!
What?!
What's your name?
My name's joe vivona.
I'm 27, and i'm from new jersey.
[ cheers and applause ]
Christina: Hey, joe.
I didn't push because of
just a few pitch problems.
That's the only reason
i hesitated,
But, hey, you have three,
you know, top-level coaches,
So good luck
with your decision.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
[ applause ]
I love your voice.
And i think
that one of your best qualities,
Aside from your tone,
which is very different,
You were telling the story
To make sure
that song really got through.
Barring
some minor technical stuff
That i think
i can help you with,
I thought you did a fantastic
job, dude, so congratulations.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, adam.
Wow.
How you doing, joe?
I'm great, pharrell.
[ chuckles ]
i'm really good.
He's like, "i'm great,
pharrell williams..."
Yeah, exactly.
"...Mega producer
and superstar..."
-No, no, no. I --
-"...Super charming
and handsome."
He loves it
when you compliment him.
Awkward. Um...
[ laughter ]
Take a deep breath.
You keep --
yeah.
There's nothing to be nervous
about, because you did this.
This was good.
Thank you.
I think you'd be great
on my team
Because i think
that we can talk about, like,
The nervous thing
and get to the center of it.
'cause right now,
you're acting like
You almost got hit
by a bus.
This is by far
the biggest audience
I've ever sung in front of.
[ cheers and applause ]
that's awesome.
Joe is literally
like he's waiting
For the test results
to come in.
[ laughter ]
It's like,
test results are in.
You get to live.
[ laughter ]
[ laughs ]
Let me tell you some things
that i think about you.
I like that jacket.
[ laughter ]
Thank you.
I like your freaky fun hair
sticking up on top right there.
-Freaky fun?
-He really say that?
But my favorite thing
about you is...
[ imitating blake ]
i like your freaky fun hair.
...The way you made this room
feel when you started singing.
It electrified the room.
There's such a presence
to your voice.
Wt a technically
ecrfnc
But it did what music
is supposed to do.
It moved us.
It moved three of us
to hit our button
And made everybody in here
stand up.
[ cheers and applause ]
thank you.
And one other thing --
I don't have a short temper,
like adam does,
And i think i would be
a better coach for you
because of that reason.
-Well, you probably --
-see, he's getting mad
right now.
He's mad right now.
-Should have somebody
that's gonna fight for you.
Hear that? He's mad.
[ laughter ]
Sssst!
Joe, who do you pick
as your coach?
[ audience shouting ]
Well...
Um...
[ chuckles ]
I got a call last night
from my 95-year-old grandfather.
I'm gonna pick his favorite,
And i'm going to pick...
Pharrell.
¶ say geronimo ¶
Pharrell: The kind of artists
that get me excited
Are the ones
who have unique tones,
And joe had an interesting tone,
And i have
every bit of the confidence
That he will get it together,
And i wouldn't have pressed
my button if i didn't think
That he had what it takes
to get to that next step.
Daly: Breathe.
You made it.
-What just happened?
-Congratulations.
Call your grandfather
and tell him "thank you."
Oh, my god.
I'm in shock.
That was amazing.
Welcome to "the voice,"
joe.
It's gonna be fun
to watch you, man.
-Thank you.
I'm gonna miss him terribly.
He does a good job for me,
But it's more important for me
to be his father than his boss,
And i'm very happy
for him.
I really do appreciate it.
Thank you, dad.
People are good
this season, bro.
Yeah.
Daly: Still to come...
¶ baby, she wrote me a letter ¶
...Night 2
of the blind auditions...
-Yeah!
-...Blows our coaches away...
¶ let me get a big "hell yeah"
from the redneck girls ¶
¶ what is love? ¶
Daly: ...And has them
going further than ever
To land the artists they want.
Yes!
Should we just
make out now?
-What?!
-Oh, man. I'm so screwed.
.
¶ this is "the voice" ¶
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
My name is shalyah fearing.
I'm 15 years old.
And i live with my big family
in hudson, florida.
All: Hi.
[ screams ]
Help!
When i say "big family,"
i mean big.
I have three sisters,
four brothers.
It's a lot of fun
in our household.
[ indistinct shouting ]
It's pretty crazy, but i love
my family and the chaos in it.
I just love it.
I couldn't live without it.
Shalyah:
Anybody need anything?
This is so good.
Thank you.
Last year,
my mom lost her job,
And my dad works
as a bus driver,
So we had to move
to this smaller house,
And my parents
just made it work.
You want your cake?
Then take a bite.
Start eating.
Last year was
a pretty rough year,
But we believe
That everything that we go
through makes us stronger.
As long as we're together,
that's all that matters.
Shalyah: We have a family band
called fearing star.
I play keyboard.
I'm also the lead singer.
My mom is our mom-ager.
Hey! I saw you throwing
that harmony in there.
A lot of times, we perform
at local coffee shops.
Hello, everybody,
we are fearing star.
I love being in a family band,
But they know
eventually i want to veer off
And become a solo artist.
From a kid,
i've watched "the voice."
I turned to my mom,
and i'm like,
"mom, i want to try out
for 'the voice.'"
My mom and my dad
had to go through a lot.
They had to borrow gas money
to get me to my gigs.
They had to borrow money
to get me my voice lessons.
It's just amazing to have
this opportunity to sing
In front of some of the best
singers in the world.
It would be an honor
to work with all of them --
Any of them --
because they're all great.
To have a chair turn
would show my parents
That i'm serious
about my career.
This is what i want to do,
and i'm ready for it.
I may only be 15 years old,
but i'm gonna go out there,
I'm gonna get a button pushed,
And i'm gonna be
the happiest person alive.
-Oh, there she is!
-Look at my baby on tv!
Oh, my goodness.
-Oh, look at shalyah.
All right.
¶
¶ ooh, oo-ooh ¶
¶ ooh ¶
¶ oo-oo-oo-ooh ¶
¶ i would tell you
that i love you tonight ¶
¶ but i know that i've got time
on my side ¶
-Oh, my gosh!
-That was easy.
¶ why you leaving so soon? ¶
¶ is there somewhere else
that's better for you? ¶
¶ what is love
if you're not here with me? ¶
if it's not guaranteed? ¶
¶ what is love
if it just ups and goes? ¶
¶ i can't live without ya ¶
¶ i can't live with ya ¶
¶ what goes around
will come right back around ¶
¶ you won't know
till it hits ya ¶
¶ we were supposed to be ¶
¶ we were supposed to be
an empire ¶
¶ what is love? ¶
¶ what is love
if you're not really sure? ¶
if it just up? ¶
[ cheers and applause ]
Christina: Whoo! Yes!
Yes!
[ laughs ]
Go on, baby girl.
Yes! Yes!
You're all mine!
[ laughs ] yes!
What is your name?
What's your name?
My name is shalyah fearing.
I'm 15 years old,
and i'm from hudson, florida.
Yes!
[ cheers and applause ]
15. Well, guess what.
Congratulations.
-Thank you very much.
You have the voice of someone
that is most definitely not 15.
Thank you.
You're also adorably sweet
and cute,
And i'm very happy
that you're on christina's team,
'cause she is gonna take you
to the next level.
15?
Oh, my god!
[ laughs ]
The "voice" gods are shining
down on my chair today.
[ laughs ]
Look, i'm so happy
to have you on my team.
What were you guys doing --
sleeping?
What were you doing?
You are in the best hands.
The best hands.
Thank you very much,
pharrell.
For a voice like that.
Thank you so much.
Come on.
[ cheers and applause ]
Oh, my god!
Thank you so much!
-Hi!
Nice to meet you!
I'm hugging
christina aguilera!
[ laughs ]
I'm hugging
an amazing young talent!
Thank you so much.
Oh, my god. Adam.
I instantly knew that shalyah
was probably a young artist,
But, man,
what potential she has.
You're taller
in person.
[ laughs ]
She's got the perfect coach.
I mean, at that age especially,
she needs to be with christina.
I don't even know
what to say right now.
I'm so excited.
I'm so happy to be here.
Yeah!
Great job.
Ah, my shalyah!
Oh, my...
Go, team!
Yes.
Go, team.
You got a monster team,
girl.
I didn't even have to
fight for that one. Whew!
Christina: I don't know
what the boys were sleeping on,
But shalyah is one that could do
pretty much anything,
And she's gonna come with
those vocals in those battles.
Go to sleep again.
Go to sleep.
It's fine.
Daly: Still to come...
-Yeah!
-Yes!
Ya-yeah!
Daly:
Night 2 of the blind auditions
Has the artists...
And our coaches going wild.
¶ baby, it's all right now ¶
I was not expecting that.
If you pick me,
there's more of that to come.
[ laughter ]
I love what i'm hearing
right now.
That's new heights.
Oh, hey!
.
¶ this is "the voice" ¶
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Christina:
You know, i have to say,
It's kind of amazing to see
the tables turning a little bit,
'cause i think, like,
me and pharrell are getting
The really good stuff
this season.
Dimples aren't working
this year, bigfoot.
They're working on  you.
Oh, yes, they are.
Where's adam right now?
'cause i want him to go...
[ shudders ]
Right?
What does he say?
Daly:
While our coaches wait for adam,
let's meet this next artist.
I'm adam wakefield.
I'm 33, and i live
in nashville, tennessee.
I'm originally
from new hampshire.
You know, i grew up across
the street from a cornfield,
Worked at the farm
across the street.
We didn't have
a whole lot of money.
Pretty much, the only thing
we had in our house --
We had records
and we had a piano.
My parents were hippies
back in the day.
My dad was big into blues, too,
So music was always
a big part of our lives.
I started a band
with my brother.
We moved to baltimore, and
i started learning how to sing.
A lot of the guys in the band
Were all working for
the same construction company,
Kind of just doing the grind,
and we weren't getting anywhere.
But my brother struggled
with mental-health problems,
And he got hooked pretty good
on opiates.
My brother ended up dying
from an overdose.
So i had a hard time,
struggling with my band
And struggling
with the loss of my brother.
My girlfriend was just my rock.
She was the one
that kept me from drugs
And self-destructive behavior.
She's the best thing
that's ever happened to me.
She would be like, "somebody
wants to hear you, you go sing.
Stop all this 'woe is me' stuff
and go do it."
She's the only reason
i moved to nashville.
It's been two years
that we've lived here,
And he's doing
really well,
And i feel like
it's a great fit.
I mean,
i've only just recently started
Making money doing music.
Since i moved to nashville,
I've kind of crafted the sound
that i have right now.
I play with a country artist
right now,
Chris cagle, on the weekends.
I've got a bluegrass band.
I do a lot of writing
with folks.
I've got an older style,
So i relate more
to the southern rock stuff.
So, for my blind audition,
I'm singing "tennessee whiskey,"
by george jones.
"the voice" is the biggest
opportunity i've ever had.
You know,
having one of these coaches
Could really help
put somebody like me on the map.
¶ all i need
is beer and family ¶
-[ chuckles ]
-is that a real song?
No. It's  my song --
about blake.
¶ anything can be
a country song ¶
[ laughter ]
¶
¶ used to spend my nights
out at the barroom ¶
[ cheers and applause ]
¶ liquor was the only love
i'd ever known ¶
-Whoo!
-He'll get more.
¶ you're as smooth
as tennessee whiskey ¶
¶ you're as sweet
as strawberry wine ¶
¶ you're as warm
as a glass of brandy ¶
¶ honey, i stay stoned
on your love all the time ¶
¶ you're as smooth
as tennessee whiskey ¶
Oh!
¶ oh, lord,
tennessee whiskey ¶
¶ tennessee whiskey ¶
[ cheers and applause ]
Wow.
Whoo! Yeah!
I need to hear
my new teammate's name.
What is your name?
-[ chuckles ] adam wakefield.
-Adam?
-I'm from nashville, tennessee.
Did you say
your name is adam?
-Yeah.
-[ chuckles ]
And you said
you were from where, sir?
I'm from nashville.
Yes!
[ laughter ]
-Finally, there's gonna be
a studly adam on this show.
-Shut up!
Finally.
Like, a manly adam
on this show.
-A manly adam.
-Wow.
You were doing some really,
really interesting runs,
And i am so glad someone
like you is on this show.
Thanks, pharrell.
I appreciate that.
I turned my chair
right away.
I noticed that.
I heard things other than
country in your voice.
I heard southern rock,
i heard the blues,
And i think a strong, male,
country-leaning singer
With a minor in rock 'n' roll
fits on anybody's team,
And i want you so desperately
on mine.
Thank, man.
I appreciate it.
[ cheers and applause ]
The reason it took me longer
to hit my button,
Because adam doesn't realize
that's a george jones song
That chris stapleton
covered,
And chris stapleton took
the melody and changed it,
And i thought,
"oh, i got to hear
What this guy does
with this chorus."
And, by the way,
Country's not always about
exactly what you sound like,
But it's about what you want
to represent with your music.
It's guys like you
that get me
So excited about the future
of nashville.
Dude, you're country.
-No, no, no, no.
-You're freakin' country.
Yes, adam.
You go for it.
Why does country
and its many counterparts
Get to have its own club?
Music reaches
millions and millions of people
All over the world.
-Yes, adam.
-It's not supposed
to be in a box.
-Whoo!
I just don't think
it matters,
And i think you should pick me
'cause i want you more.
I think that's
a great speech, adam.
I would pick you.
-That's all now?
-Thank you, christina.
-I would.
I'm  not sick of the fact
that it's this exclusive club,
And it's up to us
as country artists
To protect
who's in that club.
Otherwise,
it gets too far away
Of what the heart and soul is
of country music.
If you don't know
where it comes from,
How the hell are you gonna know
where it should go?
That's why we protect it.
-I don't understand
how your argument
Doesn't carry over
to all different --
The fact
that you don't understand
Is why he shouldn't pick you
as his coach.
Well, adam.
How do you feel right now?
-[ laughs ]
-yeah, i want to ask adam.
I didn't know
if i should speak or not.
I was just trying
to figure that out.
I appreciate
what both of y'all are saying.
I work with a country artist
right now --
You know, play keys for him,
sing backup.
I love nashville.
I love that it's a small town.
But people that come there
and, you know,
All they want to do
is rub elbows,
You know, in my experience,
don't really get very far,
And it's the people
that have true talent
That seem to go somewhere
in nashville.
[ cheers and applause ]
Awesome.
So adam has a chance,
you're saying.
A lot of people
get scared into
Being on big country's team
over there,
And i just want you to base
your decision on what you want.
Having said that,
who do you pick as your coach?
[ audience shouting ]
So...
[ shouting continues ]
If i got to pick somebody,
i pick blake.
-Yes!
-¶ living the song
of a ramblin' man ¶
¶ gettin' it done
with my own two hands ¶
Yeah!
¶ puttin' some green
in a coffee can ¶
Dude,
your voice is insane.
Thanks, man.
I appreciate that.
I mean, what the hell?
Appreciate it, dude.
Man.
Who you playing keys for?
Chris cagle.
-Are you really?
-Yeah.
Adam has an incredible range,
a lot of soul.
When you're dealing
with an artist like that,
It's exciting, and it's why
i fought so hard for him.
He's dope.
He's great.
I've been burned by losing
So many great artists
to blake's team,
But i have proven to be
resilient,
And i will do it again.
I had to try.
Hey, dude.
No, hey, i appreciate it.
Adam w.:
I work in the country industry.
I work for a country artist.
I was hoping for team blake
when i came into this thing.
Music is music.
Can you believe
that guy had the nerve
To not go with adam
and go for the big picture?
[ southern accent ]
well, you know,
i think that sometimes
When you pick someone
that's the opposite of you,
Then it's like really crazy
and it could work,
Like with cassadee pope
or with jermain paul.
[ laughter ]
I know your sound bites
better than  you.
Adam's just jealous
he can't be a part of the club.
Hey, i got to go pay my dues
for the country club.
I'll be right back.
[ laughter ]
Daly: Coming up...
Caroline:
A lot's changed since season 9.
Daly:
...A familiar face returns
to show our coaches she's grown.
I've finally reached 5 feet.
-And later...
- ¶ oh! ¶
Daly:
...A performance that makes
pharrell think he's dreaming.
Wake up. Wake up.
Wake up.
.
¶ this is "the voice" ¶
Daly:
Welcome back to "the voice."
Let's meet our next artist --
15-year-old caroline burns,
Who's looking for redemption.
Caroline:
I'm really nervous right now.
I never thought that i would be
getting a second chance.
Pharrell:
You are really amazing.
I know for sure
That everyone in this room
wants you to come back.
Just say it with me.
Audience: Caroline,
would you please come back?
Yes.
A lot's changed since season 9.
I've finally reached 5 feet.
Can't you tell?
Like, one inch.
No chairs turned around
last season,
But when i got home
from my blind audition...
¶ very superstitious ¶
...I got back together
with my band.
We mostly do,
like, classic rock.
We call our band 4:30-5:00,
Only because in the last show
we did,
We performed from 4:30 to 5:00.
[ laughs ]
When i'm not going to school
and working on music,
I also work at a business
Where we kind of
put on kids parties.
I'm either dressing up
as a princess or a fairy,
Helping them, like, put together
a little dance routine.
Sometimes i sing there, too.
I can play around
with different songs,
And that's really fun.
My dad introduced me
to a lot of old music.
He plays guitar.
I like to listen to him.
I think that's what kind of
led me to singing.
You taught her how
to play guitar, didn't you?
Well, c, f, and g.
And after that,
she was on her own.
That's all you need.
We're very proud
of caroline,
And the experience
has been great.
I can't tell you
how many people came up to me
The next day
after your episode aired
And was like,
"i'm so bummed
That that adorable
little blond girl,
15 years old,
didn't get picked."
Yeah.
-Nice to see you again,
caroline.
-You too.
-I'm so glad you're back.
-Thank you.
Caroline: I'm really excited
to be here again.Hankful
That i can come back
and get a second chance.
For this season's
blind audition,
I'm gonna be singing
"so far away" by carole king.
I think that this song
is a lot more my style.
Last time, the coaches were
surprised by my size.
This time, hopefully, they'll be
surprised by my voice.
Why'd you get
so serious?
I'm trying
to hear the shoes.
¶
¶ so far away ¶
¶ doesn't anybody stay
in one place anymore? ¶
Wow.
¶ it would be so fine ¶
¶ to see your face at my door ¶
¶ and it doesn't help to know ¶
-Yes!
-¶ you're so far away ¶
[ all cheering ]
We got it.
We got it. We got it.
¶ one more song about
moving along the highway ¶
¶ can't say much of anything
that's new ¶
¶ if i could only
work this life out my way ¶
¶ i'd rather spend it
being close to you ¶
¶ whoa, oh, oh ¶
¶ doesn't anybody stay
in one place anymore? ¶
¶ it would be so fine
to see your face at my door ¶
¶ and it doesn't help to know
you're so far away ¶
¶ yeah ¶
¶ you're so far away ¶
¶ yeah, yeah ¶
[ cheers and applause ]
He turned!
Why do you keep
doing that?
Whoo!
I remember you.
Oh, my god.
-And no one turned around.
-Yep.
And look what you did
today.
[ cheers and applause ]
Wow.
What's your name,
again?
Thank you.
Caroline burns.
How old are you?
I'm 15.
[ cheers and applause ]
Honestly,
you are tremendous.
The leaps and bounds
that you've improved...
I am so proud that i heard it
and turned right away.
Johnny-come-lately over here
was, like, at the last second.
You're a special one.
I'm blown away.
I got to let it all sink in
for a second.
-Thank you.
-Wow.
[ cheers and applause ]
Christina:
Caroline, you do have
a very pretty voice.
There were a couple times
i wanted to push,
But i'm so happy
i'm not in this one
So i can just watch it
all happen around me.
Me too.
Pharrell,
what about you?
Pharrell:
I enjoyed your performance.
You just, like,
lifted the people.
And as good as you are,
you're now gonna be in the hands
Of one of these two guys
as your coach.
When did you
first start singing?
My dad sings.
Hi, dad!
[ laughter ]
Adam: Hey, dad!
Team adam.
[ laughs ]
Hi, caroline.
Hi.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
It's just a little more special
when they don't make it
And they come back
and they make it.
I don't know what it is
about it.
And it just seems
extra-special about you,
Because you kept your composure
this time around.
It was just unbelievable.
You never had
a pitch problem.
A 15-year-old girl like you
that can sing like that
Can easily win
"the voice."
I know
because i've done it.
It's hard not to get excited
about the future of music
When it includes
people like you.
Thank you for coming back,
caroline.
-Thank you.
-This is so exciting.
[ cheers and applause ]
Who do you pick
as your coach, caroline?
[ audience shouting ]
Come on, caroline.
Um...
-I pick adam.
-Yeah!
¶ this is my fight song ¶
-¶ take back my life song ¶
-yes!
-¶ prove them all right song ¶
-get over here!
Oh, you're so sweet!
Let's go
meet your parents.
-Okay.
-Bye.
Caroline broke my heart,
but you know what?
We broke  her heart
the first time she
auditioned for this show,
So i can't blame her
for going with adam.
He  is a good coach,
and musically,
That may make
a little bit more sense for her,
And i'm glad to see her come
back and make it on the show.
Whoo!
Oh, my gosh!
Ohhh!
I really wanted to pick adam
because i've loved maroon 5
Since i was, like,
6 years old, so...
I've never been so happy
in my life.
I was so shocked,
'cause i couldn't believe
how much you'd improved.
Thank you.
And we're gonna have
a lot of fun.
And i think that song --
was that your idea?
How do you even know
who carole king is?
-My dad knows some old songs.
-Nice work, dad.
He's an old guy.
[ laughs ]
Hey, take it easy.
I'm an old guy, too.
Caroline is so cute
and worked so hard,
And she's so happy to be back,
and she finally got picked,
And i just can't wait
to work with her.
She's a sweet, sweet person.
Bye, guys.
¶ i've still got
a lot of fight left in me ¶
Daly: Still to come...
A four-chair turn
that inspires our coaches.
That's like nothing
i've ever heard before.
Just drawn
magnetically to it.
You're something else.
You're different.
That's the kind of artists
i don't  want to work with --
I  have to work with.
.
¶ this is "the voice" ¶
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions
At universal studios, hollywood.
Let's meet
the night's next artist.
I'm natalie clark.
I'm 34, and i'm from scotland.
I went to
the university of glasgow,
Did an honors degree
in psychology,
And then did a postgraduate
degree in teacher training.
Once i graduated,
i went straight into teaching,
And i loved the children,
but all the while,
I felt this other
sort of pull towards music.
My dad is a jazz guitarist,
And that's how i first started
playing music and singing --
At his jazz gigs.
So i just had to take the leap,
And to go america
was always in my heart.
I know
my granddad loved america.
I think
maybe i got it from him.
What fueled that inspiration
to make such a big change?
I went to a q&a session
with sir richard branson.
What are your plans?
Well,i need to, you know,left a
cajust screw it. Just do it.Ic.
So on a "screw it,
just do it" moment,
Why don't you just sing us
a song?
[ laughter ]
And this was the moment.
If sir richard branson
asks you to sing, you sing.
¶ i realized... ¶
I was freaking out inside,
but i just had to be brave.
¶ ...Will come true ¶
Yeah! Wow!
You're incredible.
Something else
i want to show you.
Hi, natalie.
Richard branson here.
Oh, my god!
I just wanted to wish you
all the very, very, very best
For the blind audition
on "the voice."
[ laughing ]
oh, my god!
The coaches are known
all over the world.
I actually can't believe
it's happening,
And for the coaches
to turn for me,
It would be a way to know
i'm doing the right thing.
I'm all in.
I've crossed the atlantic.
I'm here to do music.
I'm so excited.
Oh, here we go.
Be a good one.
No banjo.
¶
¶ mmmmmmm ¶
¶ there she stood
in the street ¶
¶ smilin' from her head
to her feet ¶
¶ i said,
hey, what is this, now, baby ¶
¶ maybe, maybe she's in need
of a kiss ¶
¶ i took her home to my place ¶
¶ watchin' every move
on her face ¶
¶ she said, "look,
what's your game, baby? ¶
¶ are you tryin'
to put me to shame? ¶
¶ and i said, "go slow ¶
¶ don't go so fast ¶
¶ don't you know
that love can last" ¶
¶ she said, "love, lord above ¶
¶ now you're tryin'
to trick me into love" ¶
¶ and all right now ¶
¶ baby, it's all right now ¶
¶ all right now ¶
[ cheers and applause ]
No!
Hello.
What's your name?
Natalie clark,
from scotland.
Oh, that's why
it's "nat-alie."
It's "nadalie"
in oklahoma.
[ laughter ]
I was so ready
to hit this button.
Your verses were,
i thought, incredible,
And your choruses felt like
you were restraining yourself.
It was enough
that i didn't hit my button,
But, man, those verses
were so good.
-Thank you, blake.
-Yes, ma'am.
Natalie, you really had it
going on in the beginning.
If you can strengthen
the upper register
To be as effortless
as the lower,
I think
we're in business.
Thank you so much, adam.
[ chuckles ]
Keep going -- just make sure
you're enjoying it
And allowing people
to feel your personality,
'cause that's what's gonna make
people turn around in our chairs
To ask that question,
like, "who's that girl?"
I used to cover that song,
And i used to have
so much fun with that,
Just getting people --
¶ all right now ¶
¶ hey, now,
it's all right now ¶
-Wow.
-You know what i mean?
[ cheers and applause ]
There's so many opportunities
to play with,
And i just was wanting
to hear more
Of that, like,
beast in there come out.
'cause you have
a cool, powerful voice.
Thank you, christina.
Pharrell.
Adam:
All i've ever looked for, from
the first season of the show,
Is to be inspired.
-Thank you, adam.
-Of course.
Adam:
Natalie just didn't have
the control that she needed.
If had just been able to
control herself a little more,
I think she would've had
some success.
Oh, my goodness.
It was the nerves
and everything,
And i was just trying
to hold it together.
Would you give it
another go?
Yeah!
'course i would!
Daly: Still to come...
¶ i hold on ¶
Daly: ...Night 2
of the blind auditions...
[ guitar solo ]
Oh!
...Continues to surprise...
I had a dream last night
that you turned around for me.
This is  my dream,
not yours.
Daly: ...And impress.
-Unbelievable.
-Respect.
Whoo!
That was crazy.
¶ this is "the voice" ¶
Daly: Welcome back to night 2
of the blind auditions.
I'm hugging
christina aguilera!
So far tonight,
each coach has scored
The type of vocalists
they want for their team.
Oh, you'reeet!
Let's see
if our next artist also has
What our coaches
are looking for.
I'm emily keener.
I'm 16 years old,
and i'm from wakeman, ohio.
Wakeman is basically
in the middle of nowhere.
We live on 37 acres
of forested land.
It's very quiet and private,
It's really beautiful, peaceful.
Music was always going on.
I remember my dad playing
Johnny cash,
the beatles, elvis --
All the good stuff, you know?
Wh i was 10 years old,
My parents got me
my first guitar for christmas.
I would spend hours in my room
Just practicing and practicing
till my fingers bled,
And a coup yeale later,
i was playing shows.
I started writing my own songs
when i was 12,
And i haven't really stopped
since then.
When you're quiet
and introspective as a kid,
Sometimes it's hard
to put your thoughts ints.
And when you're writing a song,
It's a great way
to communicate things.
We're so excited
for you.
Thanks, dad.
There's not really
that many venues around here
For a young musician
that really wants
To do the things
that i want to do.
I love it here, but i'm ready
for the bigger stage.
Christopher:
It'll be emotional for me
to see her perform.
Know she can do it,
But i'll still be blown away
and probably cry.
[ laughter ]
I'm gonna get me one.
Get one, blake.
Geone.
-Right now.
-[ giggles ]
Come on, baby girl.
Show them what you got.
¶
¶ when are you
gonna come down? ¶
Wow.
¶ when are you going to land? ¶
¶ i should have stayed
on the farm ¶
¶ i should have listened
to my old man ¶
¶ you know you can't hold me
forever ¶
¶ i didn't sign up with you ¶
-All four?
-All four!
¶ i'm not a present
for your friends to open ¶
¶ this boy's too young
to be singing ¶
¶ the blues ¶
¶ ahh ¶
What?
¶ ha-ahh ¶
¶ so goodbye,
yellow brick road ¶
¶ where the dogs of society
howl ¶
¶ you can't plant me
in your penthouse ¶
¶ i'm going back to my plow ¶
¶ back to the howling old owl
in the woods ¶
¶ hunting the horny-back toad ¶
¶ oh, i've finally decided
my future lies ¶
¶ beyond the yellow brick road ¶
¶ ahh, ahh, ahh ¶
¶ haaaaaaaaaa ¶
[ cheers and applause ]
Way to go, emily!
Yeah!
Blake: Wow.
What is your name?
My name's emily keener.
-How old are you?
-I'm 16.
She's a baby!
Where are you from?
I'm from wakeman, ohio.
Your voice -- it's like nothing
i've ever heard before.
It's just
a completely new sound.
-Thank you. Thank you so much.
-Unbelievable.
Oh, my god.
Thank you.
-Hi, emily.
-Hi.
You really have a voice
that's pure.
Also, that version
of an elton john song
That is
one of my favorites --
That choice says a lot to me
about who you are.
I immediately zeroed in
on what you were doing,
How you were doing it,
And was just drawn magnetically
to it.
Like, you'll be great
on any team,
But i think
you'll be the best on  mine.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Hi.
Congratulations on
having four chairs turn around.
I still can't believe it.
[ applause ]
I was not expecting that at all.
At all.
No, but you know what?
That was just breathtaking.
-Thank you.
So many people find one or two
things about their voices
And they just
sort of stick to it.
What i loved
is that you just used
The entire tapestry
of your vocal cords.
You weren't using one tone.
You were using  different tones.
It's just a super-fresh,
Effervescent approach
to singing.
Just know
that my style of coaching
Is not about telling people
what they  have to do,
But more or less
just listening
To who you are
and steering what is there.
I won't change you.
Just for the record,
That doesn't imply that  we're
gonna try to change you, either.
-No.
-Exact-- thank you, adam.
Tell me if there's anything
i can say to sway your decision,
'cause i see your eyes light up
when pharrell talks to you
And i'm a little bit --
i'm a little bit sad.
Hey, my eyes light up
when pharrell talks to me.
[ laughter ]
But you're so special,
And i would love
to dive in with you.
There was something
so beautifully controlled
And true and honest.
Your talent derives
from just pure passion,
And that's the kind of artist
i don't  want to work with --
I  have to work with.
I think
that you are the voice
That could speak
to a new generation.
They need to hear
what you have to say
And how you say it.
Please --
choose me as your coach.
Thank you so much.
Oh, my god.
Can i say something?
Yeah, you can speak.
[ laughs ]
Thank you.
i like you already.
The most success that i've had
on this show as a coach
Is with young people,
like you,
Like somebody who's so cute
and a little bit shy, maybe,
And disciplined,
at least in their singing.
I'm the opposite of everything
i just rattled off there.
I'm ugly, i'm not shy,
But coach- and artist-wise,
this makes perfect sense.
I was the first
to hit my button.
I don't even have to tell you
how awesome i think you are.
They do
because they're like,
"oh, my gosh.
I wasn't the first."
-Oh, please.
-"blake was."
I'm telling you,
i am a superfan of yours.
-Thank you so much.
-All of it.
So, emily, who do you pick
as your coach?
-Emily, please.
-Oh, my god.
[ audience shouting ]
This is probably
the hardest decision
I've ever made in my life.
This is probably
the hoh, od.Decision
Uh...
[ shouting continues ]
Of the blind audions.¶da: We2
[ gasps ]
Before the break...
¶ .Ad
Daly: ...Ely keener turned
all four chairs.
Yeah!
Now has the tough decision
ofkier coach.
-Oh, my god.
-Emily, please.
[ audience shouting ]
This is probably
the hardest decision
I've ever made in my life.
Uh...
[ shouting continues ]
[ gasps ]
I pick pharrell.
[ cheers and ae ]
I knew it.
Mm.
Thank you so much.
She had the eyes
when he spoke.
I'm so jealous and sad
right noina.
-I fng.
-Sad.
Christina:
I really liked emily.
She was so subtle
and so involved
In what she was singing.
Trying to get my team full
with the best of the best.
Definitely missed out on her.
That was awesome.
Yeah, it  was awesome.
It's hard to, like,
fight him.
Yeah, 'cause he comes from
such a genuine, nice place.
Can't believe
that just happened.
I cannot believe it,
either.
'cause i totally thought
You were gonna go with
adam or christina.
That's what i thought
for a second,
But then i just --
i kind of remembered
How you're
the kind of coach
To kind of, like,
quietly observe things,
And that's kind of
how i work, too.
Just -- i don't know.
Seems like
you have cool strategies
And just cool ideas
when it comes to music, so...
Wow.
Well, listen,
i only intend to support.
I'm not gonna get in the way.
-Yeah!
Pharrell: Emily was magical.
She sang with such ease
and crazy vocal inflections.
She was just so different,
you know?
And that's wreally love,
And i really wanted her
to be on my team
Because i feel like i know
how to nurture different.
I'm honored by the opportunity
to do this.
I'm honored
to be working with you.
Daly: This is gonna be
a lot of fun to watch.
Congratulatis
to both of you, really.
Sounds like a great pair.
-Thank you so much.
Daly: As pharrell heads back
to his chair...
Let's meet our next artist --
38-year-old laith al-saadi
from ann arbor, michigan.
Laith:
I' always felt very fortunate
To be able to play music
for my living,
But in this day and age, i don't
know what the next break is
For an artist like me,
that's been at it for so long.
I started singing in choirs
from the time i was 4 years old,
And i started playing guitar
in eighth grade.
I really took to it.
Have not had a real job
since i turned 16
And got a van
and could drive my gear around,
Most of the stuff that i play
is classic
And has the blues
as a common thread,
So, you know,
i love old soul and r&b.
I've been really fortunate
over my career
To share stages with
a lot of my favorite artists.
I got to open up
for b.B. King twice.
for gregg allman.
I play about six shows a week
with my band.
We do whatever pays the bills.
The thing
that makes "the voice" unique
Is that it is a blind audition,
and i actually really love that.
Oh, yeah.
That's good.
I don't want to be pigeonholed
by the way i look,
And i thinkthige rid
When they turn around
and see what they do.
Siofessionallyarried
almostwhe life,kids.  I've g
I think i've made a lot
of sacrifices to pursue music.
I just hope that things pan out
In terms of the risks
that i've taken.
I'm getting ready
to go up and sing
In front of four great musicians
From a bunch
of different genres,
And i'm hoping that this can
help bring me to the next level
So i can start being
more of an artist
Instead of playing bar gigs
for the rest of my life.
So i coh, boy. Being
lights are moving.
Somebody's out there.
Somebody's back there.
¶
¶ give me a ticket
for an aeroplane ¶
[ audience cheers ]
¶ i ain't got time
to take no fast train ¶
¶ oh, the lonely days are gone ¶
¶ i'm comin' home, yeah ¶
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
¶ said she couldn't
¶ live witho me no more ¶tter ¶
[ guitar solo ]
¶ listen to me, mister,
can't you see? ¶
¶ i just got to get
right back home ¶
¶ to my baby once more ¶
¶ any way, yeah ¶
Well, give me a ticket
r an aeroplane ¶
¶ said i ain't got time ¶
¶ well, to take no fast train ¶
¶ t lonely days are gone ¶
¶ and i'm comin' hos ¶
¶ my baby,
she wrote me a letter ¶
[ guitar solo ]
Oh!
[ cheers and applause ]
Whoo!
Oh, man.
I'm so screwed.
[ laughs ]
What's your name, man?
My name is laith al-saadi.
I'm 38, and i'm from
ann arbor, michigan.
Laith, i have to work sometimes
to push those growls out,
But you were like [growls]
the whole way through.
I almost pushed my button
a couple times.
It's gonna be interesting
to see who you end up with.
[ laughs ]
thank you.
Your voice
is so enormous.
Enormous.
-Big.
Like, you didn't even need
a microphone.
It's so awesome, man.
Lot of yelling in my house.
I'm sure.
This isn't about country
or rock.
It's just about being just a fan
of your voice and your sound
And the fact
that it's so developed.
You must perform a lot,
right?
For the last 20 years, i've
played over 300 dates a year.
-Wow.
-Damn.
Dude, you're just
such a great singer.
Thank you so much.
[ cheers and applause ]
First of all,
the control ofr big voice --
You have just as much control
up high as you do down low.
You're awesome.
-Thank you.
And you shred like a maniac,
and i love that.
Blake can't do that.
I can do that.
So when we do duets
together,
I'll let you have
all the solos, man.
[ laughter ]
Laith, was that you doing that,
like, guitar high-end solo?
-Yeah.
-That one thing?
Yep. I got my degree in guitar
from the university of michigan.
I'm kind of mad
that i didn't get a chance
To watch you
do that solo.
-Play it!
-Play!
All right. All right.
Yeah.
Let's see.
[ cheers and applause ]
[ guitar solo ]
[ audience clapping
rhythmically ]
Whoo!
[ cheers and applause ]
-Man.
-Thank you, sir.
Respect. Respect.
Thank you.
That was crazy.
I wish i could do that.
Laith, listen, man, there are
singers who play guitar,
And there are guitar players
who sing,
And i've always
considered myself
To be a guitar player
that sings,
And i think
that you are unbelievable.
I think
that you should be on my team.
We make the most sense.
I just want to say that.
Whew.
Whoo!
That was good.
Pharrell:
It's time to decide --
Who do you pick
as your coach?
Auce shouting ]
All right.
I pick adam.
Yeah!
Yeah, man.
You're awesome.
That hurts.
That hurts you.
-I'm very, very happy
to meet you.
-Thank you, sir.
It's just cool to
have a musician unlike
anyone we've ever had.
He's a legitimately brilliant
guitar player
And a great singer,
so it should be really fun.
-Whoo!
-Yeah!
[ applause ]
-Welcome to the show.
-Thank you, carson. Thank you.
What was the experience like?
You had blake, you had adam.
Those are
my top two choices,
So i really was having
a rough time picking,
But i'm a rocker at heart,
and i had to pick adam for that.
-Welcome to the show, man.
-Thank you so much, carson.
-Good to have you, man.
-Thank you.
Oh, poor blake.
You know, once that guitar-
shredding stuff started,
I just felt like
it was slipping away from me.
You feel bad for me?
Little bit,
but not really.
You're gonna murder it.
I'm getting a little bit worried
about adam's team.
I mean, he's picking up
some good artists
And he has me sweating it out.
-He's a dope guitar player.
-Yeah.
Pharrell:
He's got a voice, too.
Adam:
That guy's awesome.
Blake: Well, i quit.
[ laughter ]
Daly: Coming up...
¶ i hold on ¶
Daly: ...More
incredible performances...
¶ i hold on ¶
Daly: ...And later...
You're so freakin'
beautiful.
Should we just
make out now?
...Christina goes all the way
to land an artist.
-Whoa!
-Whoo!
[ laughter ]
[ screams, laughs ]
.
¶ this is "the voice" ¶
Daly: Welcome back.
I'm angie keilhauer.
I'm 24 years old,
and i'm from marietta, georgia.
I was actually born
in el salvador,
And i moved to georgia
when i was 11 years old.
-Welcome to "the voice."
-thank you.
What was the reason for coming
from el salvador to georgia?
Well, there was a lot of unrest
going on in el salvador,
In the country at the time,
An thtwas best
for our ve daughters.
-Oh, wow.
-All girls.
And the opportunities
for five daughters
Is a lot better
to be up here.
Angie:
My dad -- he left a lot behind.
More than anything in the world,
I want to show him
what he did for me.
-Are you country?
I see your boots.
-Yeah.
Is that the el salvadorian roots
or is that the georgia roots?
Both of them
mixed together.
[ laughter ]
Angie: My mom -- she didn't have
a lot of records,
But one of her favorites to play
was dolly parton.
There was always a personal
story with every song she sang,
And that's when
i started falling in love
With this idea of songwriting,
And i think
country music does that.
¶ dum-da-dum-da-dum ¶
Ever since i can remember,
i wanted to be a singer.
I've worked a lot of odd jobs.
I worked at a salvage yard.
Through college, i spent a lot
of nights sleeping in my car
To get to gigs
that would pay me 20, 30 bucks,
And that's when i started
realizing the side of myself
That was like,
"i can't not do music."
It doesn't matter
what the stakes are.
E day, i randomly got -
I'm gonna be a singer
a cruisip.
[ air horn blows ]
I play six nights a week,
four sets a day,
For thousands of people
from all over the world.
You know, i get to be in places
like this in miami
In january when it's freezing.
But the reason
i'm trying out on this show
Is i want
to get to another level
Where i can reach people
without having to travel
On a cruise line to do it.
I feel like this could take me
to a place in my career
That i've always wanted to go.
I'm doing a song
called "i hold on."
It's about the people
that stick with you,
No matter how successful or how
much of a failure you become.
Without family, i don't think
i could even be here right now.
I love country music,
and i'm a country artist,
And i love
blake shelton's music,
But christina aguilera
has just this voice
That i've always looked up to.
It would be a dream of mine
to work with every one of them,
And i have to prove to them
that i belong in the industry
That they've been
so successful in.
There she is.
-Oh, my god.
-Let's go.
Silence.
Concentrate.
Artist approaching
the stage.
Boots.
Cowboy boots.
¶
¶ it's just
an old beat-up truck ¶
¶ some say i should trade up ¶
¶ now that i got this jangle
in my pocket ¶
¶ but what
they don't understand ¶
¶ is it's the miles
that make a man ¶
¶ wouldn't trade that thing in
for a rocket ¶
¶ what they don't know
is my dad and me ¶
¶ we drove her
out to tennessee ¶
¶ and she's still here,
now he's gone ¶
¶ so i hold on ¶
¶ yeah, te gs
i believe in ¶
¶ my faith, your love,
our freedom ¶
¶ to the things i can count on ¶
Come on! Come on!
¶ to keep me going strong ¶
¶ i hold on ¶
¶ yeah, baby,
looking at you right now ¶
¶ there ain't never been
no doubt ¶
¶ without you, i'd be nothing ¶
¶ so if you ever worry
'bout me walking out ¶
¶ baby, let me tell you
something ¶
¶ i hold on ¶
¶ can you hear me, baby? ¶
[ cheers and applaus]e
Thank you.
Hey, what's youre?
Angie keilhauer --
marietta, georgia,
But was born in el salvador,
actually.
Oh. That's dope.
Your family
happens to be louder
Than the whole entire audience
out here.
Yes.
They're amazing.
[ chuckles ]
So you got to bring them
out here with you.
Get over here.
[ cheers and applause ]
Wow.
Oh, my gosh.
Is this the ending
of "saturday night live"
All of a sudden?
It's like,
"good night, everybody.
I just want
to thank you."
By the way,
this has got to be
Like cousins
and all kinds of stuff.
Like, this ain't all
sisters and brothers, right?
-All these girls are my sisters.
-Wow.
And these two
are basically my family.
Let's hear it for the family.
They were awesome.
[ cheers and applause ]
Thank you for that.
I love you.
I'll see you on thanksgiving.
[ laughter ]
Man,
you had so much control.
One of my favorite things
about female country singers,
When they sing, they can
kind of do a whitney song
If they really wanted to,
you know?
Or a céline dion song.
And the idea that you actually
play guitar along with it
Is so cool.
Adam: You kept getting
better and bette
The performance
went on,
And i kept believing you
more and more,
And there's this raw break
in your voice that happens
That is so impossible to control
for most people,
And you control
it so well.
Thatand by the end,le to control
it was like, "wow.
This is really
something special
I'm gonna fight as hard as i
possibly can to be a part of."
Whoo!
[ cheers and applause ]
There's something
very undisciplined
About how you perform.
You are wild.
It's like a loose cannon
when you perform.
It really is.
And to have a girl
take that approach
In country music --
It's about damn time
it happened.
[ cheers and applause ]
There is something
that was breaking the mold,
And that's precisely
why i think
You should really
ponder this decision carefully,
Because it's me
hearing something
That was different
than what i normally hear
When i hear
country singers.
Thank you, blake, for helping me
articulate that point.
[ coughing ] big mistake.
[ laughter ]
-That is true.
-That's true.
That's true.
[ cheers and applause ]
Angie, who do you pick
as your coach?
[ audihouting ]
I pick...
Come on, angie.
[ shouting continues ]
I pick blake.
S!
[ cheers and applause ]
An
Angie!
You are badass.
-Thank you.
I'm not kidding you.
Just awesome.
Blake:
I am so excited right now.
Only every now and then
do you see somebody
That breaks the mold,
And angie --
there's really nobody
To compare her to
in country music.
She's just got something
that's way different about her.
She's great.
[ sighs ]
¶ you better run away,
run away ¶
¶ run away, run away ¶
Angie: Blake -- i've always
loved his storytelling,
And his style connects
with my heart
And what i believe
the music i want tkes.
Ophe
The way she was playing
and singing,
I've never seen anything
like that.
Those runs were crazy.
Angie was great. I knew
that she was something special.
I pushed for a country artist
Because i just would like that
experience of working with one.
Hey, adam, so you
accidentally said all that?
[ laughter ]
Adam: I did.
Nothing you say will influence
the way i feel, ever.
I love when the geezer laugh
comes out.
[ laughs ]
Daly:
As the evening continued,
Christina found what she was
looking for in lacy mandigo.
¶ oh, yes,  was ¶
[ screams ]
I know why
she turned around.
It washe moment
you growd.
-It was the rasp.
-Yeah,he
sorry, the rasp.
The growl is the [growls], but
the rasp is the [growls y]
I had a dream last night
that you turned around for me,
And it was on the last note!
And now it happened!
Whoo!
¶ i'm on the right track, baby ¶
Daly: Pharrell picked up
pop hopeful jonathan bach.
[ cheers and applause ]
I turned around
because i felt like,
Very early on, you had,
like, a lot of control.
-Yeah.
-So welcome to my team.
-Oh, my god.
-Go meet your coach.
Nice to meet you, man.
Daly: And adam and blake
went head-to-head once again,
Over pop singer katherine ho.
That it was taylor swift's songt
And thought of it
as your own.
I know i'm crazy, country,
cowboy guy or whatever,
But i love what i'm hearing
right now.
Do the right thing.
Come home.
This is all about
you and me here.
I don't want this guy
getting in your head.
I pick adam.
[ cheers and applause ]
¶ what is love? ¶
Daly:
You y full versions
Of tonight's blind audition
songs on itunes...
¶ roses in my,
roses in my hands ¶
Daly: ...Or listen to them
on apple music.
¶ i hold on ¶
Daly: Coming
One artist has adam
tripping over himself
To get her on his team.
It's like...
[ laughter ]
.
¶ this is "the voice" ¶
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Pharrell: The talent this season
is kind of crazy.
The talent is crazy
and kind of quirky, actually.
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
. Se that laith guy
you got -- he's awesome.
I love me some laith.
And then you got that girl
angie,
That was playing super-crazy
with the crazy voice.
The competition is up there
right now.
-Let's do this!
-[ chuckles ]
Daly: While our coaches
head back to their chairs,
Let's meet our next artist.
My name's theron early.
I'm 21 years old,
and i am from miami, florida.
Singing started when i was
5 years old, in a youth choir.
I learned piano by listening to
john legend, "ordinary people,"
And then when i figured out
that i could play that song,
Started to play other songs.
After that, i ended up
working at the piano bar.
It's in florida.
I sing there twiceee
It's not a lot of money.
I don't have a car,
i don't have a place,
So it's time to become a man.
[ laughs ]
I always give him
the speech
That it's, you know,
time for him to get his own.
I can't wait for him
to get his car.
That way,
he can leave mine alone.
-Y tt is, like,
the first step.
-Yes.
I'll be hay
when that day comes.
For my blind audition, i'll be
singing "amazed" by lonestar.
I'm not a country artist,
but i feel the story.
I love to recompose
country music, folk music,
That's where i feel
like blake can come in.
Growing my mom sacrificed
loof things.
If i got a chair turned,
That would show my mom
that nothing has been in vain.
I really, really hope
that blake shelton turns for me.
He's very, very versatile.
He's not just, you know,
this country singer.
He can coach any other genre
that you may come across.
However, pharrell would be
a great choice for me, as well,
Because he produces music,
And i feel that we could
mesh well together, too.
Success is
right at my fingertips.
I just got to reach out
and grab it.
Oh, my god.
¶
¶ every time our eyes meet ¶
¶ this feeling inside me ¶
¶ is almost
more than i can take ¶
A good singer.
¶ and, baby,
when you touch me ¶
¶ i can feel
how much you love me ¶
¶ and it just blows me away ¶
[ audience cheers ]
¶ i've never been this close
to anyone or anything ¶
¶ i can hear your thoughts ¶
¶ i can see your dreams ¶
¶ i don't know
how you do what you do ¶
¶ but i'm so in love with you ¶
¶ and it just keeps
getting better ¶
¶ oh ¶
¶ every little thing
that you do ¶
¶a-oh-oh-oh, yes ¶
¶ every littling
that you do ¶
¶ baby, i'm amazed ¶
¶ by you ¶
[ cheers and applause ]
It's okay.
You gonna push it?
Aww!
Me and pharrell were almost
thinking about it, actually,
At the very end.
Adam: Wow.
Not what i was thinking
i was gonna see
When i turned around.
That's pretty crazy.
-Yeah, me too.
What's your name?
My name is theron early,
And i'm 21 years old
from miami, florida.
I know that song
so well.
It is
a very powerful vocal,
But it also has all the dynamics
and the softer moments,
And i was real close
to hitting my button
'cause of how good
you ended the thing.
You know,
so, if there's a way
You can just
ramp up your performance
To where it doesn't just
stay on 10 the whole time,
I think
then you'll have us all.
Thanks so much, blake.
I wanted there to be
a little more ease
To go along with the strength
and the passanthe stuff,
So if you figure out
How to really control
your instrument like tha
Man, we'd all four turn around
in a minute.
Thanks, adam.
I think adam is right
In terms of just sort of
looking at the dynamics.
The details
are very important
When you're delivering
a song like that.
If it's just pounding
the entire time,
It kind of distracts from, like,
how talented you really are.
-The way you ended that whole
performance was superstrong.
-Yeah.
And those extended notes with
the vibrato were really pretty.
So, i'm sorry
it didn't work out this time.
You're a great singer.
Thank you so much,
christina.
Thanks, theron.
Go luck, man.
I really wanted to be
on your team.
[ laughs ]
-oh, damn it. Damn it.
Next time, man. Come on.
-All right.
Christina:
I'm looking for someone that has
a lot of different textures
And qualities
within their voice.
Some unique talent this year
That might be
a little different.
The nerves
kind of got the best of me.
I started listening to the music
a little bit too hard,
And, you know...Yeah.
You did wonderful.
Thank you, ma.
[ laughs ]
-You were so good.
-Thank you.
Daly: Coming up...
¶ 'cause i'm a redneck woman ¶
Ly:
...The final artist of the night
is out of this world...
[ laughs ]
's like he twilight zone."
i don't know what's going on.
...And the coaches love it.
¶ this is "the voice" ¶]
Daly: Welcome back to night 2
of the blind auditions. ]
Let's see where the teams stand.
Pharrell picked up
pop/soul singer joe vivona,
Indie artist emily keener,
And pop vocalist jonathan bach.
Yes!
Christina scored
pop/r&b artist shalyah fearing
And pop-rocker lacy mandigo.
Ycaroline burnsturning pr
And bluesy rocker laith al-saadi
And pop artist katherine ho.
Yes!
And blake added
two untry singers --
Adam wakefield
and angie keilhauer.
Now let's meet
our night's final artist.
[ iggy azalea's "fancy" plays ]
My name is kata hay,
and i'm 28 years old.
I moved to nashville
six months ago
With my girlfriend, savannah.
¶ from nashville to tokyo ¶
And i love it.
There's music everywhe
I work at the number-one
karaoke place in nashvle.
We're the only bar downtown
that has a mechanical bull.
And i run the karaoke.
I work for tips.
Not the best living,
but it's a  fun living.
In my head, i always thought,
"you grow up, you move to
nashville, you become famous."
But it's so hard
U're lika teeny, tiny fish
wanin a really big pond.Ng.
I want to be on the stage where
people come  pay to hear me.
They don't just walk in a bar
and i happen to be singing.
So, basically, now,
this opportunity --
Singing on "the voice" --
It's probably gonna change
my whole life.
I grew up riple-wide
trailer in skiatook, oklahoma.
That's where mdad took,
like, a double-wide
And then he took a single-wide
and connected them.
Gale:  Had music rooms,
dance rooms.
We just kept adding on
for her.
Since then,
i'm broke as hell,
And i hope she gets big
so she can pay me back.
I do, too.
[ laughs ]
From the time i was like 3,
i started singing at pageants,
And then fairs and opries.
My favorite one
was the oklahoma opry,
And, actually, blake shelton
used to sing there.
I am so thrilled
that you made it.
I cried
all the way out here.
They was gonna throw me
off the plane
For flooding
the damn thing.
I have the best parents
in the whole world.
When i was about 24,
i found out i was adopted.
That's what's so incredible.
Th didn't have to love me
at all,
And they gave up everything
for me.
My mom actually passed away,
And it's almost been
three years.
When i found out
i was coming here, like,
[ voice breaking ] i literally
reached for my pho
'cause i wanted to call her,
and i couldn't call her.
And i know she'll be watching
and be like,
"you're supposed to pick blake."
[ laughs ]
Andmy wife would ve beenching
very proud of her,
'cause she knew she had it
from birth, just like me.
Ask her.
I scream and holler.
You'll probably have to put me
in an outhouse somewhere
To keep my mouth shut.
An outhouse?
Why an outhouse?
Well,
that's where i come from.
[ laughter ]
Kata: I'm gonna be singing
"redneck woman"
[laughs] by gretchenilso
It suits me
'cause i  am a redneck.
Oh, my god.
I'm gonna go out there
and just pretend
That four of my biggest idols
aren't sitting in front of me.
[ loud footsteps ]
Ooh. Somebody trip?
[ laughs ]
That was amazing.
¶
¶ well, i ain't never
been the barbie doll type ¶
¶ oh, no, i can't swig
that sweet champagne ¶
¶ i'd rather drink beer
all night ¶
¶ in a tavern
or in a honky tonk ¶
¶ or on a four-wheel-drive
tailgate ¶
¶ see, i got posters
on my wall ¶
¶ of skynyrd, kid, and strait ¶
¶ some people look down on me ¶
¶ listen, i don't give a rip ¶
¶ i'll stand barefooted
in my own front yard ¶
¶ wbaby on my hip ¶
¶ listen, i don't give a rip ¶
¶ 'cause i'm a redneck woman ¶
¶ i ain't no high-class broad ¶
¶ i'm just a product
of my raising ¶
¶ i say "hey, y'all"
and "yee-haw" ¶
¶ and i keep
my christmas lights on ¶
¶ on my front porch
all year long ¶
¶ and i know all the words
to every charlie daniels song ¶
¶ so here's to all my sisters
out there keeping it country ¶
¶ let me get a big "hell yeah" ¶
¶ from the redneck girls
like me ¶
¶ hell yeah ¶
¶ yeah, yeah-yeah ¶
¶ i said, hell yeah ¶
Hell!
[ both screaming ]
-Did you turn?
-Yes.
Oh, my god.
Yes!
[ laughs ]
-Did  you turn?
-Yeah.
Did you really? Oh!
[ laughs ]
-Oh, my god.
-I did, too.
You got to love me,
too.
Blake didn't even turn.
Did you really?
You're kidding me.
When i was 3.
-Whoa! You were 3?!
-I was 3.
First of all, okay, i got
so much to talk to you about.
So, we're all sitting there,
ready for singing, right?
Yeah.
So i'll so we're back there,
And here's what we hear
before you start.
[ loud footsteps ]
[ laughter ]
I was like, "damn."
i was like, "she's in a hurry!"
I was excited.
Yeah, no. Good.
Don't ever change.
And then, before my chair
is fully turned around,
.
[ loud footsteps ]
[ laughter ]
And you're coming at me!
I like your style,
baby.
Thank you.
Blake: Okay.
What is your name?
Kata.
And i knew you,
you said?
We used to sing together
at the oklahoma opry,
When i was 3
and you had a mullet.
[ laughter ]
I love you.
As if i couldn't love you more.
[ laughs ]
Are you from oklahoma?
-Yeah!
-What is wrong with you?
I told you to push.
I told him to push.
They're begging
every time.
They're like, "please,
let us have a country singer."
Here's kata.
Y'all fight for her.
Don't sit there
and look at me like idiots.
-Well, you shut up, then.
-Talk to the girl. Come on!
I thought you were the only one
who  would turn around.
-Really?
-I'm kind of disappointed.
I mean, i'm    not.
[ laughter ]
Oh. Oh.
So we're just chopped liver.
We mean nothing.
You're just like -- yo
re so  in on adam
That i have no c..
-No, no.
You were my official
first girl crush, so...
Oh, hey!
I can work with that.
You are so freakin' beautiful
in person.
You're so freakin'
beautiful.
Should we just
make out now?
-Please. Please.
-'cause i was
your first girl crush.
Let's just get it over with
so we can get to work.
[ cheers and applause ]
Um,
we're not gonna make out.
Whoa!
Whoo!   .
¶ this is "the voice" ¶
Daly: Welcome back to night 2
of the blind auditions.
Before the break,
Kata got three coaches
to push their buttons.
-Did you turn?
-Yes.
Oh, my god.
Daly: And now they're fighting
for her affection.
You're so zeroed in
on adam!
No. You were my official
first girl crush, so...
Oh, hey!
Should we just
make out now?
-Please. Please.
-'cause i was
your first girl crush.
Let's just get it over with
so we can get to work.
[ cheers and applause ]
[ laughs ]
yes!
-Come up.
-No, i saw nothing.
Adam: Whew!
I just respond to fiery,
spunky, fun personali--
Uh-oh. Uh-oh.
-Wait a minute.
Wake up. Wake up.
Wake up.
Ifou pick me,
there's more of that to come.
But...
[ laughter ]
[ cheers and applause ]
I'm cool. I'm just --
This is a dream, so i just
can do whatever i want.
[ laughter ]
It's like "the twilight zone."
i don't know what's going on.
Okay. I'm not
playing around anymore.
I want to get to business,
right?
The first woman
to win this thing.
Let's put fire, let's put spunk,
let's put sassiness in it.
Bring it down
for the tender moments.
I'm feeling this.
[ applause ]
Even though i'm not
a soul/country artist,
I have, you know, i have
appreciated and respected --
Hey, we cut a country song
together.
We  did do a duet
So i know people, and he sits
right next to me all the tim
So, you know, being on my team,
you're closer --
I think we know
where the greatest duet
is gonna come from.
Me and kata.
Oh!
Thank you.
Kata?
Yes?
Who do you pick
as your coach?
[ laughter ]
You haven't even
said anything
Except for freaking out
about me kissing christina.
This is  my dream,
not yours.
[ laughter ]
Son
my dream,
i get to ask you the question...
Yes.
...Kata...
[ laughter ]
...Who do you pick
as your coach?
[ audience shouting ]
We had wonderful moments
together.
I was first.
50 bucks -- adam.
[ shouting continues ]
She wants adam.
Adam.
I pick christina.
[ screams ]
¶ i kissed a girl,
and i liked it ¶
¶ the taste
of her cherry chapstick ¶
¶ i kissed a girl
just to try it ¶
Ere, lovely.
I know, i know,
i know, i know.
Don't be heartbroken about adam,
'cause he'll get over it.
I ended up
picking christina
Because she's the most amazing
female vocalist,
In my opinion,
that's ever lived.
I consider myself country/soul,
And who's more soulful
than christina?
It's a win
for everyone.
It was a victory for all.
We all won today, all right?
You're on the show.
That's the biggest thing.
You made the right choice.
-Wow.
Christina:
Kata has amazing energy.
She's just such a fiker.
She's spunky, she's sassy,
and she has an incredible voice.
I cannot wait to see
what we cook up together.
I snatched that one away.
¶ ...And i liked it ¶
[ laughter ]
I'm like, "what?!"
That's new heights.
¶ i kissed a girl,
and i liked it ¶
[ screams ]
Oh, my god.
Daly: You got
some explaining to do.
What was that?
Kata: I just had the most fun
i've ever had in my entire life.
I got in a little bit of trouble
with my girlfriend,
But it's totally worth it.
I'm very, very proud
of her.
She's, in my opinion, one of
the greatest singers ever born.
You're probably biased,
daddy.
Shut up.
[ laughter ]
Pharrell:
And i'm like...
¶ i kissed a girl,
and i liked it ¶
¶ i liked
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org